hi Zeller here thanks for stopping by
let me share some information with you
about died resource and alternatives you
have to get the same great diving as you
would at a dive resort but with many
more benefits and amenities by staying
at a luxury resort during travel club
membership and you can save a lot of
money and I'm talking anywhere from a
couple hundred dollars to over a
thousand dollars per trip by using this
type of booking and these destinations
are all over the world you have no
limitations on now when you book with
the dive resort its per person and you
always have a high season and a low
season price maybe there's a place
somewhere between with travel club
membership this Travel Club membership
the prices are the same all the time
there are good deals their specials
their specials and there's hot weeks
available as you can really get some
good pricing anywhere from ninety nine
dollars to three hundred ninety-eight
dollars for a week yep it's a week and
there's a caps on this so you'll never
pay more than seven hundred ninety nine
dollars for a week so when you you take
that into consideration against your per
person charges it adds up real quick for
great savings and you can be in these
places for a week and one or two-bedroom
depending on what's available for the
same price so if you're going with four
divers and you break that up between
four people you're really saving money
now anyway take a look at this report
click on the link that's the next thing
or below me and I haven't really
detailed in there about what kind of
savings you can expect and I know that
savings because I lived in Grand Cayman
for four years I've been diving for over
four years so I know what the traveling
to dive destinations cost and I can tell
you firsthand that this will save you a
lot of money so the other thing I can
show you with this is a way you can get
your trips paid for
that's right I can show you what and
there's some information in there about
that and if you would really learn more
about that I my phone number in there
give me a call and i'll talk with you
about that I always look but forward to
talking with other divers you know that
were they been and their trips so I have
a great day and I hope you enjoy the
information and to look forward to
talking with you